migrate OSDs to enable encryption as day-2 operation (#14776)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Advanced/ceph-osd-mgmt.md

!!! note
    The OSD might have a different ID than the previous OSD that was replaced.

## OSD Encryption as Day-2 operation

> Existing PVC based OSDs can be migrated to enable or disable encryption as a day-2 operation. To start migration of the existing OSDs to enable or disable encryption: 

Reviewer: There are going to be multiple scenarios where OSDs can be migrated. How about we phrase this so that we can easily add to the list of supported scenarios? Something like the following, and moving some of your bulleted text below up to this intro section.
```
Ceph does not support changing certain settings on existing OSDs. 
To support changing these settings on an OSD, the OSD must be destroyed and re-created with the new settings. 

Rook will automate the update by migrating only one OSD is migrated at a time. The operator waits for the data to rebalance (pgs to become `active+clean`) before migrating the next OSD. This ensures that there is no data loss.

> Ceph does not support changing certain settings on existing OSDs. To support changing these settings on an OSD, the OSD must be destroyed and re-created with the new settings. Rook will automate this by migrating only one OSD at a time. The operator waits for the data to rebalance (PGs to become `active+clean`) before migrating the next OSD. This ensures that there is no data loss. Refer [OSD migration](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/osd-migration.md) design doc for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ceph does not support changing certain settings on existing OSDs. To support changing these settings on an OSD, the OSD must be destroyed and re-created with the new settings. Rook will automate this by migrating only one OSD at a time. The operator waits for the data to rebalance (PGs to become `active+clean`) before migrating the next OSD. This ensures that there is no data loss. Refer to the [OSD migration](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/osd-migration.md) design doc for more information. 
```

1. Update the cephCluster CR `spec.storage.migration.confirmation` to `yes-really-migrate-osds` and set `StorageClassDevicesets.encrypted` setting to `true` or `false` based on whether encryption needs to be enabled or disabled. For example:
```yaml
 storage:
   migration:

>     confirmation: "yes-really-migrate-osds" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     confirmation: "yes-really-migrate-osds" 
```

   storageClassDeviceSets:
     - name: set1
       count: 3
       encrypted: true  # change to true or false based on whether encryption needs to enable or disabled.

> ```

Reviewer: Blank line before/after the yaml blocks

> 

Reviewer: ```
For example:
```

2. The operator will start the migration of OSDs by destroying the OSD and cleaning up the underlying disk. 
3. Only one OSD is migrated at a time and operator waits for the data to rebalance (pgs to become `active+clean`) before migrating the next OSD. This ensures that there is no data loss. 
4. Information about the migration status can be found in cephCluster `status.storage.osd.migrationStatus.pending` which shows the total number of OSDs that are pending migration.

Refer [osd-migration](../../../design/ceph/osd-migration.md) design doc for more information. 

!!! note

>     - The migration involves destroying the OSD and cleaning up the underlying disk. Performance of the cluster might be impacted during data rebalancing while OSDs are being migrated.

Reviewer: This info was already included above, let's just mention performance in the note
```suggestion
    Performance of the cluster might be impacted during data rebalancing while OSDs are being migrated.
```

!!! note
    The OSD might have a different ID than the previous OSD that was replaced.

## OSD Migration

Ceph does not support changing certain settings on existing OSDs. To support changing these settings on an OSD, the OSD must be destroyed and re-created with the new settings. Rook will automate this by migrating only one OSD at a time. The operator waits for the data to rebalance (pgs to become `active+clean`) before migrating the next OSD. This ensures that there is no data loss. Refer [osd-migration](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/osd-migration.md) design doc for more information. 

Following scenarios are supported for OSD migration:

> 

Reviewer: Let's have a bullet list where we add the scenarios with a simple one-line description. Then we just need one example. A bullet such as:
```
- Enable or disable OSD encryption for PVC-based OSDs by change the `encrypted` setting under the `storageClassDeviceSets`
```

Author: Got a bit confused about this suggestion. Updated the PR. Let me know if that's what you were suggesting.

Reviewer: Yes, that's what I was thinking, thanks. Now when we support other scenarios we can add to this list.

> ### OSD Encryption as Day-2 operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example
```

> Existing PVC based OSDs can be migrated to enable or disable encryption. Update the cephCluster CR `spec.storage.migration.confirmation` to `yes-really-migrate-osds` and set `StorageClassDevicesets.encrypted` setting to `true` or `false` based on whether encryption needs to be enabled or disabled. For example:

Reviewer: No need to mention the settings in the paragraph, the yaml example is more readable below
```suggestion
Existing PVC based OSDs can be migrated to enable or disable encryption. Update the `cephCluster` CR settings such as:
```

```yaml
storage:
    migration:
        confirmation: "yes-really-migrate-osds" 
    storageClassDeviceSets:
        - name: set1
          count: 3
          encrypted: true  # change to true or false based on whether encryption needs to enable or disabled.
```

> Information about the migration status can be found in cephCluster `status.storage.osd.migrationStatus.pending` which shows the total number of OSDs that are pending migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details about the migration status can be found under the cephCluster `status.storage.osd.migrationStatus.pending` which shows the total number of OSDs that are pending migration.
```

!!! note

>     - Performance of the cluster might be impacted during data rebalancing while OSDs are being migrated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Performance of the cluster might be impacted during data rebalancing while OSDs are being migrated.
```
